docs: improve jsonb function examples (#20476)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/functions/jsonb_object_agg.md

statements:

```sql
CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW foo_view AS SELECT key_col, val_col FROM foo;
CREATE VIEW bar AS SELECT jsonb_object_agg(key_col, val_col) FROM foo_view;
```

## Examples

Consider this query:
```sql
SELECT
  jsonb_object_agg(
    t.col1,
    t.col2
    ORDER BY t.ts ASC
  ) FILTER (WHERE t.col2 IS NOT NULL) AS my_agg
FROM (
  VALUES
  ('k1', 1, now()),
  ('k2', 2, now() - INTERVAL '1s'),
  ('k2', -1, now()),
  ('k2', NULL, now() + INTERVAL '1s')
  ) AS t(col1, col2, ts);
```
```nofmt
      my_agg
------------------
 {"k1": 1, "k2": -1}
```

> Notice there are multiple values that could potentially correspond to the key `k2`.
> In this case, we use a `FILTER` to look at values that are not `NULL` and order by a timestamp column to get the most recent such value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, there are multiple values associated with the `k2` key.

The `FILTER` clause in the statement above returns values that are not `NULL` and orders them by the timestamp column to return the most recent associated value.
```
